Hello, how are you. I am Kane. I'm currently single and not ready for a relationship but I'm too serious for random encounters. I am looking for a friend. I've got several female friend openings right now as I have none LOL. During my last relationship I lost touch with most and the rest got married. The lack of sex partners is fine but the lack of a female voice in my life is what's bothering me most. So I guess I'm just talking to women and seeing what sticks. I hope to hear back from you but even if I don't, you broke me out of one-liners. I won't be sending those anymore.



Hello, how are you. I am Kane. I'm currently single and not ready for a relationship but I'm too serious for random encounters. I am looking for a friend. Someone who will talk to me and do things with me outside of the bedroom as well but won't feel the need to tie me down or keep tabs. The sex part should come naturally. If I like who you are I'm gonna take every opportunity to pleasure you just because. So if you'd like chat with me and try to get to know each other in hopes of a friendship and all the things that come with it, Holla!

Hello, how are you. I am Kane. I am looking for new friends. I'd really like a chance to get to know you, wanna chat?

Hello, how are you. I am Kane. I am looking for new friends. I'd really like a chance to get to know you, learn you, then pleasure you. I think afterwards we'll at least be great friends. I'm 36 living and working in Reston, a professional geek, gamer, camper and outdoorsy, into books, traveling, movies, learning new things, and adventurer. We can trade emails a bit if you like I'm down to go slow if you need. But you can also text me at 2025961689. I hope to hear back from you.

Hello, how are you. I am Kane. I am looking for new friends. I'd really like a chance to get to know you, learn you, then pleasure you. I think afterwards we'll at least be great friends. I'm 36 living and working in Reston, a professional geek, gamer, camper and outdoorsy, into books, traveling, movies, learning new things, and adventurer. We can trade messages a bit if you like I'm down to go slow if you need. But you can also text me. I hope to hear back from you.

Hello, how are you. I am Kane. I am looking for new friends. I'd really like a chance to get to know you. I think afterwards we'll be great friends. I'm 36 living and working in Reston, a professional geek, gamer, camper and outdoorsy, into books, traveling, movies, learning new things, and adventurer. We can trade messages a bit if you like I'm down to go slow if you need. But you can also text me. I hope to hear back from you.
